README.md, before:

# ixo Blockchain

[![GitHub release (latest by date)](https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/ixofoundation/ixo-blockchain?color=white&label=release&style=flat-square)](https://github.com/ixofoundation/ixo-blockchain/releases/latest) ![GitHub Release Date](https://img.shields.io/github/release-date/ixofoundation/ixo-blockchain?label=date&color=white&style=flat-square) [![GitHub release (latest by date including pre-releases)](https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/ixofoundation/ixo-blockchain?color=00d2ff&include_prereleases&label=candidate&style=flat-square)](https://github.com/ixofoundation/ixo-blockchain/releases/)

[![GitHub license](https://img.shields.io/github/license/ixofoundation/ixo-blockchain?color=lightgrey&style=flat-square)](https://github.com/ixofoundation/ixo-blockchain/blob/main/LICENSE) ![GitHub go.mod Go version](https://img.shields.io/github/go-mod/go-version/ixofoundation/ixo-blockchain?color=lightgrey&style=flat-square) ![GitHub repo size](https://img.shields.io/github/repo-size/ixofoundation/ixo-blockchain?color=lightgrey&style=flat-square)
[![Go Report Card](https://goreportcard.com/badge/github.com/ixofoundation/ixo-blockchain)](https://goreportcard.com/report/github.com/ixofoundation/ixo-blockchain)

[![Discord](https://img.shields.io/badge/Discord-7289DA?style=for-the-badge&logo=discord&logoColor=white)](https://discord.com/invite/ixo) [![Telegram](https://img.shields.io/badge/Telegram-2CA5E0?style=for-the-badge&logo=telegram&logoColor=white)](https://t.me/ixonetwork)
[![Twitter](https://img.shields.io/badge/Twitter-1DA1F2?style=for-the-badge&logo=twitter&logoColor=white)](https://twitter.com/ixoworld)
[![Medium](https://img.shields.io/badge/Medium-12100E?style=for-the-badge&logo=medium&logoColor=white)](https://medium.com/ixo-blog)

<p align="center">
  <img src="./.github/assets/readme_banner.png" />
</p>
<br />

The ixo Blockchain is a Layer 1 blockchain that runs on both Testnet and Mainnet. It is built using the [Cosmos SDK](https://docs.cosmos.network/main), [Tendermint](https://docs.tendermint.com/), and [IBC](https://ibc.cosmos.network/), and was one of the earliest networks to incorporate these technologies. The recent addition of [CosmWASM](https://github.com/CosmWasm/wasmd) in v0.19.3 demonstrates ixo's commitment to ongoing innovation and evolution.

Have a look at [go.mod](https://github.com/ixofoundation/ixo-blockchain/blob/main/go.mod) for specific dependencies and their most recent versions.

The ixo Blockchain powers client applications for coordinating, financing and verifying impacts. The [Impacts Wallet](https://github.com/ixofoundation/ixo-Mobile-dev), [JAMBO](https://github.com/ixofoundation/jambo), and [Launchpad](https://github.com/ixofoundation/ixo-webclient) are examples of client applications that use the ixo Blockchain. The [Impacts SDK](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@ixo/impactxclient-sdk) makes it simple to interact with the ixo Blockchain.

## 🤝 How to contribute

If you are interested in contributing to the ixo Blockchain, you can start by reviewing the documentation on our [website](https://docs.ixo.foundation/ixo/developers). There are many opportunities to get involved, such as contributing code or participating in community discussions.

Our community is passionate about using blockchain technology to create positive impacts in the world. We believe in the power of collaboration and innovation to drive change, and we welcome anyone who shares our vision to join us on Discord or Telegram.

Commit message:

Ixo v3 Upgrade (#376)
* fix(cmd): fix halt-height param

* Docs (#354)

* chore(app): update module specs

* chore(app): update module specs

* Chain Upgrade v3 (#375)

* fix(deps): bump ledger modules

* fix(StargateQueries): use a sync pool when unmarshalling responses of protobuf objects, fix route

* fix(iid): fix DeleteController subtraction func

* feat(entity): add MsgRevokeEntityAccountAuthz

* chore(docs): add MsgRevokeEntityAccountAuthz to entity specs

* fix(claims): fix claims processPayment distribution for evaluations

* chore(iid): remove unnecesary panics

* feat(claims): add INVALIDATED as evaluation option, skip eval payment then, add invalidated to collection

* fix(claims): update status to invalidated where missed

* feat(claims): add collection update messages

* fix(modules): add extra validation for messages, and enum validation

* chore(scripts): fix local script to include denom metadata on startup

* feat(upgrade): add upgrade v3, which include claims module v2 migrations

README.md, after:

# ixo Blockchain

[![GitHub release (latest by date)](https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/ixofoundation/ixo-blockchain?color=white&label=release&style=flat-square)](https://github.com/ixofoundation/ixo-blockchain/releases/latest) ![GitHub Release Date](https://img.shields.io/github/release-date/ixofoundation/ixo-blockchain?label=date&color=white&style=flat-square) [![GitHub release (latest by date including pre-releases)](https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/ixofoundation/ixo-blockchain?color=00d2ff&include_prereleases&label=candidate&style=flat-square)](https://github.com/ixofoundation/ixo-blockchain/releases/)

[![GitHub license](https://img.shields.io/github/license/ixofoundation/ixo-blockchain?color=lightgrey&style=flat-square)](https://github.com/ixofoundation/ixo-blockchain/blob/main/LICENSE) ![GitHub go.mod Go version](https://img.shields.io/github/go-mod/go-version/ixofoundation/ixo-blockchain?color=lightgrey&style=flat-square) ![GitHub repo size](https://img.shields.io/github/repo-size/ixofoundation/ixo-blockchain?color=lightgrey&style=flat-square)
[![Go Report Card](https://goreportcard.com/badge/github.com/ixofoundation/ixo-blockchain)](https://goreportcard.com/report/github.com/ixofoundation/ixo-blockchain)

[![Discord](https://img.shields.io/badge/Discord-7289DA?style=for-the-badge&logo=discord&logoColor=white)](https://discord.com/invite/ixo) [![Telegram](https://img.shields.io/badge/Telegram-2CA5E0?style=for-the-badge&logo=telegram&logoColor=white)](https://t.me/ixonetwork)
[![Twitter](https://img.shields.io/badge/Twitter-1DA1F2?style=for-the-badge&logo=twitter&logoColor=white)](https://twitter.com/ixoworld)
[![Medium](https://img.shields.io/badge/Medium-12100E?style=for-the-badge&logo=medium&logoColor=white)](https://medium.com/ixo-blog)

<p align="center">
  <img src="./.github/assets/readme_banner.png" />
</p>
<br />

The ixo Blockchain is a Layer 1 blockchain that runs on both Testnet and Mainnet. It is built using the [Cosmos SDK](https://docs.cosmos.network/main), [Tendermint](https://docs.tendermint.com/), and [IBC](https://ibc.cosmos.network/), and was one of the earliest networks to incorporate these technologies.

Have a look at [go.mod](https://github.com/ixofoundation/ixo-blockchain/blob/main/go.mod) for specific dependencies and their most recent versions.

The ixo Blockchain powers client applications for coordinating, financing and verifying impacts. The [Impacts Wallet](https://github.com/ixofoundation/ixo-Mobile-dev), [JAMBO](https://github.com/ixofoundation/jambo), and [Launchpad](https://github.com/ixofoundation/ixo-webclient) are examples of client applications that use the ixo Blockchain. The [Impacts SDK](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@ixo/impactxclient-sdk) makes it simple to interact with the ixo Blockchain.

Ixo has 5 custom cosmos modules which help to reach the Ixo goals and missions:

- [Bonds](/x/bonds/spec/README.md)
- [Iid](/x/iid/spec/README.md)
- [Entity](/x/entity/spec/README.md)
- [Claims](/x/claims/spec/README.md)
- [Token](/x/token/spec/README.md)

## 🤝 How to contribute

If you are interested in contributing to the ixo Blockchain, you can start by reviewing the documentation on our [website](https://docs.ixo.foundation/ixo/developers). There are many opportunities to get involved, such as contributing code or participating in community discussions.

Our community is passionate about using blockchain technology to create positive impacts in the world. We believe in the power of collaboration and innovation to drive change, and we welcome anyone who shares our vision to join us on Discord or Telegram
