x/bonds/spec/03_messages.md, before:

# Messages

In this section we describe the processing of the bonds messages and the corresponding updates to the state. All created/modified state objects specified by each message are defined within the [state](./02_state.md) section.

## MsgCreateBond

Bonds can be created by any address using `MsgCreateBond`.

| **Field**              | **Type**         | **Description** |
|:-----------------------|:-----------------|:----------------|
| BondDid                | `did.Did`        | DID of the bond (e.g. `did:ixo:U7GK8p8rVhJMKhBVRCJJ8c`)
| Token                  | `string`         | The denomination of the bond's tokens (e.g. `abc`, `mytoken1`)
| Name                   | `string`         | A friendly name as a title for the bond (e.g. `A B C`, `My Token`)
| Description            | `string`         | A description of what the bond represents or its purpose
| FunctionType           | `string`         | The type of function that will define the bonding curve (`power_function`, `sigmoid_function`, or `swapper_function`)
| FunctionParameters     | `FunctionParams` | The parameters of the function defining the bonding curve (e.g. `m:12,n:2,c:100`)
| CreatorDid             | `did.Did`        | DID of the bond creator (e.g. `did:ixo:U7GK8p8rVhJMKhBVRCJJ8c`)
| ControllerDid          | `did.Did`        | DID of the bond controller (e.g. `did:ixo:U7GK8p8rVhJMKhBVRCJJ8c`)
| ReserveTokens          | `[]string`       | The token denominations that will be used as reserve (e.g. `res,rez`)
| TxFeePercentage        | `sdk.Dec`        | The percentage fee charged for buys/sells/swaps (e.g. `0.3`)
| ExitFeePercentage      | `sdk.Dec`        | The percentage fee charged for sells on top of the tx fee (e.g. `0.2`)
| FeeAddress             | `sdk.AccAddress` | The address of the account that will store charged fees
| MaxSupply              | `sdk.Coin`       | The maximum number of bond tokens that can be minted
| OrderQuantityLimits    | `sdk.Coins`      | The maximum number of tokens that one can buy/sell/swap in a single order (e.g. `100abc,200res,300rez`)
| SanityRate             | `sdk.Dec`        | For a swapper, restricts conversion rate (`r1/r2`) to `sanity rate ± sanity margin percentage`. `0` for no sanity checks.
| SanityMarginPercentage | `sdk.Dec`        | Used as described above. `0` for no sanity checks
| AllowSells             | `bool`           | Whether or not selling is allowed
| BatchBlocks            | `sdk.Uint`       | The lifespan of each orders batch in blocks
| OutcomePayment         | `sdk.Int`        | The approximate total payment required to be made in order to transition a bond from OPEN to SETTLE

```go
type MsgCreateBond struct {
    BondDid                did.Did
	Token                  string
	Name                   string
	Description            string
	FunctionType           string
	FunctionParameters     FunctionParams
	CreatorDid             did.Did
	ControllerDid          did.Did
	ReserveTokens          []string
	TxFeePercentage        sdk.Dec
	ExitFeePercentage      sdk.Dec
	FeeAddress             sdk.AccAddress
	MaxSupply              sdk.Coin
	OrderQuantityLimits    sdk.Coins
	SanityRate             sdk.Dec
	SanityMarginPercentage sdk.Dec
	AllowSells             bool
	BatchBlocks            sdk.Uint
	OutcomePayment         sdk.Int
}
```

This message is expected to fail if:
- another bond with this bond DID is already registered
- another bond with this token is already registered, the token is the staking token, or the token is not a valid denomination
- name or description is an empty string
- function type is not one of the defined function types (`power_function`, `sigmoid_function`, `swapper_function`, `augmented_function`)
- function parameters are negative or invalid for the selected function type:
  - Valid example for `power_function`: `"m:12.5,n:2,c:100.12"` \
    (i.e. `m=12`, `n=2`, `n=100.12`)
  - Valid example for `sigmoid_function`: `"a:3.5,b:5.4,c:1.3"` \
    (i.e. `a=3.5`, `b=5.4`, `c=1.3`)
  - Valid example for `augmented_function`: `"d0:500.0,p0:0.01,theta:0.4,kappa:3.0"` \
    (i.e. `d0=500.0`, `p0=0.01`, `theta=0.4`, `kappa=3.0`)
  - For `swapper_function`: `""` (no parameters)
- function parameters do not satisfy the extra parameter restrictions
  - `sigmoid_function`: `c != 0`
  - `augmented_function`:
    - `d0 > 0` and must be an integer
    - `p0 > 0`
    - `0 <= theta < 1`
    - `kappa > 0`
- bond DID, creator DID, or controller DID is not a valid DID
- reserve tokens list is invalid. Valid inputs are:
  - For `swapper_function`: two valid comma-separated denominations, e.g. `res,rez`
  - Otherwise: one or more valid comma-separated denominations, e.g. `res,rez,rex`
- tx or exit fee percentage is negative
- sum of tx and exit fee percentages exceeds 100%
- order quantity limits is not one or more valid comma-separated amount
  - Valid example: `"100res,200rez"`
- max supply value is not in the bond token denomination
- sanity rate is neither an empty string nor a valid decimal
- sanity margin percentage is neither an empty string nor a valid decimal
- sanity rate is not an empty string and sanity margin percentage is an empty string (in other words, sanity rate is defined but sanity margin percentage is not)
- outcome payment is not an integer or is negative
- any field is empty, except for order quantity limits, sanity rate, sanity margin percentage, and function parameters for `swapper_function`

This message creates and stores the `Bond` object at appropriate indexes. Note that the sanity rate and sanity margin percentage are only used in the case of the `swapper_function`, but no error is raised if these are set for other function types.

## MsgEditBond

The owner of a bond can edit some of the bond's parameters using `MsgEditBond`.

| **Field**              | **Type**  | **Description** |
|:-----------------------|:----------|:----------------|
| BondDid                | `did.Did` | DID of the bond we are interacting with (e.g. `did:ixo:U7GK8p8rVhJMKhBVRCJJ8c`)
| Name                   | `string`  | Refer to MsgCreateBond
| Description            | `string`  | Refer to MsgCreateBond
| OrderQuantityLimits    | `string`  | Refer to MsgCreateBond
| SanityRate             | `string`  | Refer to MsgCreateBond
| SanityMarginPercentage | `string`  | Refer to MsgCreateBond
| EditorDid              | `did.Did` | DID of the bond editor (e.g. `did:ixo:U7GK8p8rVhJMKhBVRCJJ8c`)

This message is expected to fail if:
- bond being interacted with does not exist
- any editable field violates the restrictions set for the same field in `MsgCreateBond`
- all editable fields are `"[do-not-modify]"`
- editor is not the bond creator
- bond DID or editor DID is not a valid DID

```go
type MsgEditBond struct {
	BondDid                did.Did
	Name                   string
	Description            string
	OrderQuantityLimits    string
	SanityRate             string
	SanityMarginPercentage string
	EditorDid              did.Did
}
```

This message stores the updated `Bond` object.

## MsgSetNextAlpha

The creator of a bond can set the next alpha value for Augmented Bonding Curve type bonds using `MsgSetNextAlpha`.

| **Field** | **Type**  | **Description** |
|:----------|:----------|:----------------|
| BondDid   | `did.Did` | DID of the bond we are interacting with (e.g. `did:ixo:U7GK8p8rVhJMKhBVRCJJ8c`)
| Alpha     | `sdk.Dec` | Alpha value to be set (e.g. `0.5`)
| EditorDid | `did.Did` | DID of the bond editor (e.g. `did:ixo:U7GK8p8rVhJMKhBVRCJJ8c`)

This message is expected to fail if:
- bond being interacted with does not exist
- alpha value falls outside of 0 <= alpha <= 1
- alpha value violates any of the below rules
  - `newAlpha != alpha`
  - `I > C * alpha`
  - `R / C > newAlpha - alpha`
- editor is not the bond creator
- bond DID or editor DID is not a valid DID

```go
type MsgSetNextAlpha struct {
	BondDid   did.Did
	Alpha     sdk.Dec
	EditorDid did.Did
}
```

This message stores the next alpha value in the current `Batch` object, where it gets processed and set at the end of the batch.

## MsgBuy

Any address that holds tokens that a bond uses as its reserve can buy tokens from that bond in exchange for reserve tokens. Rather than performing the buy itself, the `MsgBuy` handler registers a buy order in the current orders batch and cancels any other orders that become unfulfillable. Any order in that batch gets fulfilled at the end of the batch's lifespan. The `MsgBuy` handler also locks away the `MaxPrices` value (`< Balance`) indicated by the address so that these are not used elsewhere whilst the batch is being processed.

A buy order is cancelled if the max prices are exceeded at any point during the lifespan of the batch. Otherwise, the buy order is fulfilled. The number of tokens requested are minted on the fly and any remaining tokens from the locked `MaxPrices`, minus the transaction fee specified by the bond, are returned to the user. The actual price in reserve tokens charged to the address is determined from the bond function, but is also influenced by any other buys and sells in the same orders batch, as a means to prevent front-running.

In the case of `augmented_function` bonds, if the bond state is `HATCH`, a fixed price-per-token `p0` is used. This value (`p0`) is one of the function parameters required for this function type.

| **Field** | **Type**    | **Description** |
|:----------|:------------|:----------------|
| BuyerDid  | `did.Did`   | DID of the buyer (e.g. `did:ixo:U7GK8p8rVhJMKhBVRCJJ8c`)
| Amount    | `sdk.Coin`  | The amount of bond tokens to be bought
| MaxPrices | `sdk.Coins` | The max price to pay in reserve tokens
| BondDid   | `did.Did`   | DID of the bond we are interacting with (e.g. `did:ixo:U7GK8p8rVhJMKhBVRCJJ8c`)

This message is expected to fail if:
- bond being interacted with does not exist
- amount is not an amount of an existing bond
- bond state is not HATCH or OPEN
- max prices is greater than the balance of the buyer
- max prices are not amounts of the bond's reserve tokens
- denominations in max prices are not the bond's reserve tokens
- buyer does not afford to buy the tokens at the current price
- amount causes the bond's batch-adjusted current supply to exceed the max supply
- amount violates an order quantity limit defined by the bond
- bond DID or buyer DID is not a valid DID

The batch-adjusted current supply in the case of buys is the current supply of the bond plus any uncancelled buy amounts in the current batch. 

```go
type MsgBuy struct {
	BuyerDid  did.Did
	Amount    sdk.Coin
	MaxPrices sdk.Coins
	BondDid   did.Did
}
```

This message adds the buy order to the current batch.

### MsgBuy for Swapper Function Bonds

In general, but especially in the case of swapper function bonds, buying tokens from a bond can be seen as adding liquidity to that bond's token. To add liquidity to a swapper function, the current exchange rate is used to determine how much of each reserve token makes up the price. Otherwise, the price is an equal number of each of the reserve tokens according to the function type.

Moreover, in the case of the swapper function, the first `MsgBuy` performed is special and plays a very important role in specifying the price of the bond token. Since we have no price reference for the first buy in a swapper function, the `MaxPrices` specified are used as the actual price, with no fees charged.

This effectively means that if the user requested `n` bond tokens with max prices `aR1` and `bR2` (for reserve tokens `R1` and `R2`), the next buyers will have to pay `(a/n)R1` and `(b/n)R2` tokens per bond token requested. Specifying high `a` and `b` prices for a small `n` (say `n=1`) means that the next buyers will have to pay at most `aR1` and `bR2` per bond token. **Thus, it is important that the first buy is well-calculated and performed carefully.**

## MsgSell

Any address that holds previously bought bond tokens can, at any point, sell the tokens back to the bond in exchange for reserve tokens. Similar to the `MsgBuy`, the `MsgSell` handler just registers a sell order in the current orders batch which then gets fulfilled at the end of the batch's lifespan.

Once the sell order is fulfilled, the number of tokens to be sold are burned on the fly and the address gets reserve tokens in return, minus the transaction and exit fees specified by the bond. The actual number of reserve tokens given to the address in return is determined from the bond function, but is also influenced by any other buys and sells in the same orders batch, as a means to prevent front-running. A sell order cannot be cancelled.

In general, but especially in the case of swapper function bonds, buying tokens from a bond can be seen as adding liquidity for that bond. To add liquidity to a swapper function, the current exchange rate is used to determine how much of each reserve token makes up the price. Otherwise, the price is an equal number of each of the reserve tokens according to the function type.

| **Field** | **Type**   | **Description** |
|:----------|:-----------|:----------------|
| SellerDid | `did.Did`  | DID of the seller (e.g. `did:ixo:U7GK8p8rVhJMKhBVRCJJ8c`)
| Amount    | `sdk.Coin` | The amount of bond tokens to be sold
| BondDid   | `did.Did`  | DID of the bond we are interacting with (e.g. `did:ixo:U7GK8p8rVhJMKhBVRCJJ8c`)

This message is expected to fail if:
- bond being interacted with does not exist
- amount is not an amount of an existing bond
- bond state is not OPEN
- amount is greater than the balance of the seller
- amount is greater than the bond's current supply
- amount causes the bond's batch-adjusted current supply to become negative
- amount violates an order quantity limit defined by the bond
- bond function type is `augmented_function` and bond state is `HATCH`
- bond DID or seller DID is not a valid DID

The batch-adjusted current supply in the case of sells is the current supply of the bond minus any uncancelled sell amounts in the current batch.

```go
type MsgSell struct {
	SellerDid did.Did
	Amount    sdk.Coin
	BondDid   did.Did
}
```

This message adds the sell order to the current batch.

## MsgSwap

Any address that holds tokens (_t1_) that a swapper function bond uses as one of its two reserves (_t1_ and _t2_) can swap the tokens in exchange for reserve tokens of the other type (_t2_). Similar to the `MsgBuy` and `MsgSell`, the `MsgSwap` handler just registers a swap order in the current orders batch which then gets fulfilled at the end of the batch's lifespan.

| **Field**  | **Type**   | **Description** |
|:-----------|:-----------|:----------------|
| SwapperDid | `did.Did`  | DID of the swapper (e.g. `did:ixo:U7GK8p8rVhJMKhBVRCJJ8c`)
| BondDid    | `did.Did`  | DID of the bond we are interacting with (e.g. `did:ixo:U7GK8p8rVhJMKhBVRCJJ8c`)
| From       | `sdk.Coin` | The amount of reserve tokens to be swapped
| ToToken    | `string`   | The token denomination that will be given in return

This message is expected to fail if:
- bond does not exist, is not swapper function, or bond state is not OPEN
- from amount is greater than the balance of the swapper
- from and to tokens are the same token
- from and to tokens are not the swapper function's reserve tokens
- from amount violates an order quantity limit defined by the bond
- bond DID or swapper DID is not a valid DID

```go
type MsgSwap struct {
	SwapperDid did.Did
	BondDid    did.Did
	From       sdk.Coin
	ToToken    string
}
```

This message adds the swap order to the current batch.

## MsgMakeOutcomePayment

If a bond was created with an outcome payment field, then any token holder can make an outcome payment to the bond. If the token holder has enough tokens to pay the outcome payment, the tokens are sent to the bond's reserve and the bond's state gets set to SETTLE. The only action possible by bond token holders after the outcome payment has been made is a share withdrawal (using [MsgWithdrawShare](#MsgWithdrawShare)).

| **Field** | **Type**  | **Description** |
|:----------|:----------|:----------------|
| SenderDid | `did.Did` | DID of the sender (e.g. `did:ixo:U7GK8p8rVhJMKhBVRCJJ8c`)
| Amount    | `sdk.Int` | Amount of payment sender is making (e.g. `100000`)
| BondDid   | `did.Did` | DID of the bond we are interacting with (e.g. `did:ixo:U7GK8p8rVhJMKhBVRCJJ8c`)

This message is expected to fail if:
- bond does not exist or bond state is not OPEN
- bond outcome payment is zero or negative
- bond outcome payment is greater than the balance of the sender
- bond DID or sender DID is not a valid DID

```go
type MsgMakeOutcomePayment struct {
	SenderDid did.Did
	Amount    sdk.Int
	BondDid   did.Did
}
```

## MsgWithdrawShare

If a bond's outcome payment was paid, any bond token holder can use this message to get their share of the reserve. The amount owed to the bond token holder is calculated by considering the percentage of bond tokens owned as a fraction of the _remaining_ bond token supply. Examples:

- If the bond token holder owns 100% of all bond tokens and the reserve has 1000 reserve tokens, then the bond token holder gets all 1000 reserve tokens.
- If three bond token holders each own 1/3 of all bond tokens and the reserve has 1000 reserve tokens, then:
  - The first token holder to withdraw gets `1000/3 = 333 tokens` (notice the rounding down from 333.33)
  - The second token holder to withdraw gets `667/2 = 333 tokens` (notice the current supply is now 2)
  - The third token holder to withdraw gets `334/1 = 334 tokens` (because of rounding, the last holder got an extra token)

| **Field**    | **Type**  | **Description** |
|:-------------|:----------|:----------------|
| RecipientDid | `did.Did` | DID of the recipient (e.g. `did:ixo:U7GK8p8rVhJMKhBVRCJJ8c`)
| BondDid      | `did.Did` | DID of the bond we are interacting with (e.g. `did:ixo:U7GK8p8rVhJMKhBVRCJJ8c`)

This message is expected to fail if:
- bond does not exist or bond state is not SETTLE
- recipient does not own any bond tokens
- bond DID or recipient DID is not a valid DID

```go
type MsgWithdrawShare struct {
	RecipientDid did.Did
	BondDid      did.Did
}
```

Commit message:

Editor must now be the controller for MsgSetNextAlpha. Also added docs for MsgUpdateBondState.

x/bonds/spec/03_messages.md, after:

# Messages

In this section we describe the processing of the bonds messages and the corresponding updates to the state. All created/modified state objects specified by each message are defined within the [state](./02_state.md) section.

## MsgCreateBond

Bonds can be created by any address using `MsgCreateBond`.

| **Field**              | **Type**         | **Description** |
|:-----------------------|:-----------------|:----------------|
| BondDid                | `did.Did`        | DID of the bond (e.g. `did:ixo:U7GK8p8rVhJMKhBVRCJJ8c`)
| Token                  | `string`         | The denomination of the bond's tokens (e.g. `abc`, `mytoken1`)
| Name                   | `string`         | A friendly name as a title for the bond (e.g. `A B C`, `My Token`)
| Description            | `string`         | A description of what the bond represents or its purpose
| FunctionType           | `string`         | The type of function that will define the bonding curve (`power_function`, `sigmoid_function`, or `swapper_function`)
| FunctionParameters     | `FunctionParams` | The parameters of the function defining the bonding curve (e.g. `m:12,n:2,c:100`)
| CreatorDid             | `did.Did`        | DID of the bond creator (e.g. `did:ixo:U7GK8p8rVhJMKhBVRCJJ8c`)
| ControllerDid          | `did.Did`        | DID of the bond controller (e.g. `did:ixo:U7GK8p8rVhJMKhBVRCJJ8c`)
| ReserveTokens          | `[]string`       | The token denominations that will be used as reserve (e.g. `res,rez`)
| TxFeePercentage        | `sdk.Dec`        | The percentage fee charged for buys/sells/swaps (e.g. `0.3`)
| ExitFeePercentage      | `sdk.Dec`        | The percentage fee charged for sells on top of the tx fee (e.g. `0.2`)
| FeeAddress             | `sdk.AccAddress` | The address of the account that will store charged fees
| MaxSupply              | `sdk.Coin`       | The maximum number of bond tokens that can be minted
| OrderQuantityLimits    | `sdk.Coins`      | The maximum number of tokens that one can buy/sell/swap in a single order (e.g. `100abc,200res,300rez`)
| SanityRate             | `sdk.Dec`        | For a swapper, restricts conversion rate (`r1/r2`) to `sanity rate ± sanity margin percentage`. `0` for no sanity checks.
| SanityMarginPercentage | `sdk.Dec`        | Used as described above. `0` for no sanity checks
| AllowSells             | `bool`           | Whether or not selling is allowed
| BatchBlocks            | `sdk.Uint`       | The lifespan of each orders batch in blocks
| OutcomePayment         | `sdk.Int`        | The approximate total payment required to be made in order to transition a bond from OPEN to SETTLE

```go
type MsgCreateBond struct {
    BondDid                did.Did
	Token                  string
	Name                   string
	Description            string
	FunctionType           string
	FunctionParameters     FunctionParams
	CreatorDid             did.Did
	ControllerDid          did.Did
	ReserveTokens          []string
	TxFeePercentage        sdk.Dec
	ExitFeePercentage      sdk.Dec
	FeeAddress             sdk.AccAddress
	MaxSupply              sdk.Coin
	OrderQuantityLimits    sdk.Coins
	SanityRate             sdk.Dec
	SanityMarginPercentage sdk.Dec
	AllowSells             bool
	BatchBlocks            sdk.Uint
	OutcomePayment         sdk.Int
}
```

This message is expected to fail if:
- another bond with this bond DID is already registered
- another bond with this token is already registered, the token is the staking token, or the token is not a valid denomination
- name or description is an empty string
- function type is not one of the defined function types (`power_function`, `sigmoid_function`, `swapper_function`, `augmented_function`)
- function parameters are negative or invalid for the selected function type:
  - Valid example for `power_function`: `"m:12.5,n:2,c:100.12"` \
    (i.e. `m=12`, `n=2`, `n=100.12`)
  - Valid example for `sigmoid_function`: `"a:3.5,b:5.4,c:1.3"` \
    (i.e. `a=3.5`, `b=5.4`, `c=1.3`)
  - Valid example for `augmented_function`: `"d0:500.0,p0:0.01,theta:0.4,kappa:3.0"` \
    (i.e. `d0=500.0`, `p0=0.01`, `theta=0.4`, `kappa=3.0`)
  - For `swapper_function`: `""` (no parameters)
- function parameters do not satisfy the extra parameter restrictions
  - `sigmoid_function`: `c != 0`
  - `augmented_function`:
    - `d0 > 0` and must be an integer
    - `p0 > 0`
    - `0 <= theta < 1`
    - `kappa > 0`
- bond DID, creator DID, or controller DID is not a valid DID
- reserve tokens list is invalid. Valid inputs are:
  - For `swapper_function`: two valid comma-separated denominations, e.g. `res,rez`
  - Otherwise: one or more valid comma-separated denominations, e.g. `res,rez,rex`
- tx or exit fee percentage is negative
- sum of tx and exit fee percentages exceeds 100%
- order quantity limits is not one or more valid comma-separated amount
  - Valid example: `"100res,200rez"`
- max supply value is not in the bond token denomination
- sanity rate is neither an empty string nor a valid decimal
- sanity margin percentage is neither an empty string nor a valid decimal
- sanity rate is not an empty string and sanity margin percentage is an empty string (in other words, sanity rate is defined but sanity margin percentage is not)
- outcome payment is not an integer or is negative
- any field is empty, except for order quantity limits, sanity rate, sanity margin percentage, and function parameters for `swapper_function`

This message creates and stores the `Bond` object at appropriate indexes. Note that the sanity rate and sanity margin percentage are only used in the case of the `swapper_function`, but no error is raised if these are set for other function types.

## MsgEditBond

The owner of a bond can edit some of the bond's parameters using `MsgEditBond`.

| **Field**              | **Type**  | **Description** |
|:-----------------------|:----------|:----------------|
| BondDid                | `did.Did` | DID of the bond we are interacting with (e.g. `did:ixo:U7GK8p8rVhJMKhBVRCJJ8c`)
| Name                   | `string`  | Refer to MsgCreateBond
| Description            | `string`  | Refer to MsgCreateBond
| OrderQuantityLimits    | `string`  | Refer to MsgCreateBond
| SanityRate             | `string`  | Refer to MsgCreateBond
| SanityMarginPercentage | `string`  | Refer to MsgCreateBond
| EditorDid              | `did.Did` | DID of the bond editor (e.g. `did:ixo:U7GK8p8rVhJMKhBVRCJJ8c`)

This message is expected to fail if:
- bond being interacted with does not exist
- any editable field violates the restrictions set for the same field in `MsgCreateBond`
- all editable fields are `"[do-not-modify]"`
- editor is not the bond creator
- bond DID or editor DID is not a valid DID

```go
type MsgEditBond struct {
	BondDid                did.Did
	Name                   string
	Description            string
	OrderQuantityLimits    string
	SanityRate             string
	SanityMarginPercentage string
	EditorDid              did.Did
}
```

This message stores the updated `Bond` object.

## MsgSetNextAlpha

The controller of a bond can set the next alpha value for Augmented Bonding Curve type bonds using `MsgSetNextAlpha`.

| **Field** | **Type**  | **Description** |
|:----------|:----------|:----------------|
| BondDid   | `did.Did` | DID of the bond we are interacting with (e.g. `did:ixo:U7GK8p8rVhJMKhBVRCJJ8c`)
| Alpha     | `sdk.Dec` | Alpha value to be set (e.g. `0.5`)
| EditorDid | `did.Did` | DID of the bond editor (e.g. `did:ixo:U7GK8p8rVhJMKhBVRCJJ8c`)

This message is expected to fail if:
- bond being interacted with does not exist
- alpha value falls outside of 0 <= alpha <= 1
- alpha value violates any of the below rules
  - `newAlpha != alpha`
  - `I > C * alpha`
  - `R / C > newAlpha - alpha`
- editor is not the bond controller
- bond DID or editor DID is not a valid DID

```go
type MsgSetNextAlpha struct {
	BondDid   did.Did
	Alpha     sdk.Dec
	EditorDid did.Did
}
```

This message stores the next alpha value in the current `Batch` object, where it gets processed and set at the end of the batch.

## MsgUpdateBondState

The controller of a bond can change a bond's state to SETTLE or FAILED using `MsgUpdateBondState`.

| **Field** | **Type**    | **Description** |
|:----------|:------------|:----------------|
| BondDid   | `did.Did`   | DID of the bond we are interacting with (e.g. `did:ixo:U7GK8p8rVhJMKhBVRCJJ8c`)
| State     | `BondState` | Bond state to be set (e.g. `SETTLE`)
| EditorDid | `did.Did`   | DID of the bond editor (e.g. `did:ixo:U7GK8p8rVhJMKhBVRCJJ8c`)

This message is expected to fail if:
- bond being interacted with does not exist
- state is not SETTLE or FAILED
- state is not a valid transition from the current bond state
- editor is not the bond controller
- bond DID or editor DID is not a valid DID

```go
type MsgUpdateBondState struct {
	BondDid   did.Did
	State     BondState
	EditorDid did.Did
}
```

This message updated the bond status to SETTLE or FAILED and moves the outcome payment reserve to the bond reserve, so that this is available for bond token holders to withdraw a share from, proportional to the amount of bond tokens they hold.

## MsgBuy

Any address that holds tokens that a bond uses as its reserve can buy tokens from that bond in exchange for reserve tokens. Rather than performing the buy itself, the `MsgBuy` handler registers a buy order in the current orders batch and cancels any other orders that become unfulfillable. Any order in that batch gets fulfilled at the end of the batch's lifespan. The `MsgBuy` handler also locks away the `MaxPrices` value (`< Balance`) indicated by the address so that these are not used elsewhere whilst the batch is being processed.

A buy order is cancelled if the max prices are exceeded at any point during the lifespan of the batch. Otherwise, the buy order is fulfilled. The number of tokens requested are minted on the fly and any remaining tokens from the locked `MaxPrices`, minus the transaction fee specified by the bond, are returned to the user. The actual price in reserve tokens charged to the address is determined from the bond function, but is also influenced by any other buys and sells in the same orders batch, as a means to prevent front-running.

In the case of `augmented_function` bonds, if the bond state is `HATCH`, a fixed price-per-token `p0` is used. This value (`p0`) is one of the function parameters required for this function type.

| **Field** | **Type**    | **Description** |
|:----------|:------------|:----------------|
| BuyerDid  | `did.Did`   | DID of the buyer (e.g. `did:ixo:U7GK8p8rVhJMKhBVRCJJ8c`)
| Amount    | `sdk.Coin`  | The amount of bond tokens to be bought
| MaxPrices | `sdk.Coins` | The max price to pay in reserve tokens
| BondDid   | `did.Did`   | DID of the bond we are interacting with (e.g. `did:ixo:U7GK8p8rVhJMKhBVRCJJ8c`)

This message is expected to fail if:
- bond being interacted with does not exist
- amount is not an amount of an existing bond
- bond state is not HATCH or OPEN
- max prices is greater than the balance of the buyer
- max prices are not amounts of the bond's reserve tokens
- denominations in max prices are not the bond's reserve tokens
- buyer does not afford to buy the tokens at the current price
- amount causes the bond's batch-adjusted current supply to exceed the max supply
- amount violates an order quantity limit defined by the bond
- bond DID or buyer DID is not a valid DID

The batch-adjusted current supply in the case of buys is the current supply of the bond plus any uncancelled buy amounts in the current batch. 

```go
type MsgBuy struct {
	BuyerDid  did.Did
	Amount    sdk.Coin
	MaxPrices sdk.Coins
	BondDid   did.Did
}
```

This message adds the buy order to the current batch.

### MsgBuy for Swapper Function Bonds

In general, but especially in the case of swapper function bonds, buying tokens from a bond can be seen as adding liquidity to that bond's token. To add liquidity to a swapper function, the current exchange rate is used to determine how much of each reserve token makes up the price. Otherwise, the price is an equal number of each of the reserve tokens according to the function type.

Moreover, in the case of the swapper function, the first `MsgBuy` performed is special and plays a very important role in specifying the price of the bond token. Since we have no price reference for the first buy in a swapper function, the `MaxPrices` specified are used as the actual price, with no fees charged.

This effectively means that if the user requested `n` bond tokens with max prices `aR1` and `bR2` (for reserve tokens `R1` and `R2`), the next buyers will have to pay `(a/n)R1` and `(b/n)R2` tokens per bond token requested. Specifying high `a` and `b` prices for a small `n` (say `n=1`) means that the next buyers will have to pay at most `aR1` and `bR2` per bond token. **Thus, it is important that the first buy is well-calculated and performed carefully.**

## MsgSell

Any address that holds previously bought bond tokens can, at any point, sell the tokens back to the bond in exchange for reserve tokens. Similar to the `MsgBuy`, the `MsgSell` handler just registers a sell order in the current orders batch which then gets fulfilled at the end of the batch's lifespan.

Once the sell order is fulfilled, the number of tokens to be sold are burned on the fly and the address gets reserve tokens in return, minus the transaction and exit fees specified by the bond. The actual number of reserve tokens given to the address in return is determined from the bond function, but is also influenced by any other buys and sells in the same orders batch, as a means to prevent front-running. A sell order cannot be cancelled.

In general, but especially in the case of swapper function bonds, buying tokens from a bond can be seen as adding liquidity for that bond. To add liquidity to a swapper function, the current exchange rate is used to determine how much of each reserve token makes up the price. Otherwise, the price is an equal number of each of the reserve tokens according to the function type.

| **Field** | **Type**   | **Description** |
|:----------|:-----------|:----------------|
| SellerDid | `did.Did`  | DID of the seller (e.g. `did:ixo:U7GK8p8rVhJMKhBVRCJJ8c`)
| Amount    | `sdk.Coin` | The amount of bond tokens to be sold
| BondDid   | `did.Did`  | DID of the bond we are interacting with (e.g. `did:ixo:U7GK8p8rVhJMKhBVRCJJ8c`)

This message is expected to fail if:
- bond being interacted with does not exist
- amount is not an amount of an existing bond
- bond state is not OPEN
- amount is greater than the balance of the seller
- amount is greater than the bond's current supply
- amount causes the bond's batch-adjusted current supply to become negative
- amount violates an order quantity limit defined by the bond
- bond function type is `augmented_function` and bond state is `HATCH`
- bond DID or seller DID is not a valid DID

The batch-adjusted current supply in the case of sells is the current supply of the bond minus any uncancelled sell amounts in the current batch.

```go
type MsgSell struct {
	SellerDid did.Did
	Amount    sdk.Coin
	BondDid   did.Did
}
```

This message adds the sell order to the current batch.

## MsgSwap

Any address that holds tokens (_t1_) that a swapper function bond uses as one of its two reserves (_t1_ and _t2_) can swap the tokens in exchange for reserve tokens of the other type (_t2_). Similar to the `MsgBuy` and `MsgSell`, the `MsgSwap` handler just registers a swap order in the current orders batch which then gets fulfilled at the end of the batch's lifespan.

| **Field**  | **Type**   | **Description** |
|:-----------|:-----------|:----------------|
| SwapperDid | `did.Did`  | DID of the swapper (e.g. `did:ixo:U7GK8p8rVhJMKhBVRCJJ8c`)
| BondDid    | `did.Did`  | DID of the bond we are interacting with (e.g. `did:ixo:U7GK8p8rVhJMKhBVRCJJ8c`)
| From       | `sdk.Coin` | The amount of reserve tokens to be swapped
| ToToken    | `string`   | The token denomination that will be given in return

This message is expected to fail if:
- bond does not exist, is not swapper function, or bond state is not OPEN
- from amount is greater than the balance of the swapper
- from and to tokens are the same token
- from and to tokens are not the swapper function's reserve tokens
- from amount violates an order quantity limit defined by the bond
- bond DID or swapper DID is not a valid DID

```go
type MsgSwap struct {
	SwapperDid did.Did
	BondDid    did.Did
	From       sdk.Coin
	ToToken    string
}
```

This message adds the swap order to the current batch.

## MsgMakeOutcomePayment

If a bond was created with an outcome payment field, then any token holder can make an outcome payment to the bond. If the token holder has enough tokens to pay the outcome payment, the tokens are sent to the bond's reserve and the bond's state gets set to SETTLE. The only action possible by bond token holders after the outcome payment has been made is a share withdrawal (using [MsgWithdrawShare](#MsgWithdrawShare)).

| **Field** | **Type**  | **Description** |
|:----------|:----------|:----------------|
| SenderDid | `did.Did` | DID of the sender (e.g. `did:ixo:U7GK8p8rVhJMKhBVRCJJ8c`)
| Amount    | `sdk.Int` | Amount of payment sender is making (e.g. `100000`)
| BondDid   | `did.Did` | DID of the bond we are interacting with (e.g. `did:ixo:U7GK8p8rVhJMKhBVRCJJ8c`)

This message is expected to fail if:
- bond does not exist or bond state is not OPEN
- bond outcome payment is zero or negative
- bond outcome payment is greater than the balance of the sender
- bond DID or sender DID is not a valid DID

```go
type MsgMakeOutcomePayment struct {
	SenderDid did.Did
	Amount    sdk.Int
	BondDid   did.Did
}
```

## MsgWithdrawShare

If a bond's outcome payment was paid, any bond token holder can use this message to get their share of the reserve. The amount owed to the bond token holder is calculated by considering the percentage of bond tokens owned as a fraction of the _remaining_ bond token supply. Examples:

- If the bond token holder owns 100% of all bond tokens and the reserve has 1000 reserve tokens, then the bond token holder gets all 1000 reserve tokens.
- If three bond token holders each own 1/3 of all bond tokens and the reserve has 1000 reserve tokens, then:
  - The first token holder to withdraw gets `1000/3 = 333 tokens` (notice the rounding down from 333.33)
  - The second token holder to withdraw gets `667/2 = 333 tokens` (notice the current supply is now 2)
  - The third token holder to withdraw gets `334/1 = 334 tokens` (because of rounding, the last holder got an extra token)

| **Field**    | **Type**  | **Description** |
|:-------------|:----------|:----------------|
| RecipientDid | `did.Did` | DID of the recipient (e.g. `did:ixo:U7GK8p8rVhJMKhBVRCJJ8c`)
| BondDid      | `did.Did` | DID of the bond we are interacting with (e.g. `did:ixo:U7GK8p8rVhJMKhBVRCJJ8c`)

This message is expected to fail if:
- bond does not exist or bond state is not SETTLE
- recipient does not own any bond tokens
- bond DID or recipient DID is not a valid DID

```go
type MsgWithdrawShare struct {
	RecipientDid did.Did
	BondDid      did.Did
}
```
